com/adpro/tasc/controller/CreateScheduleController.java
 com.adpro.tasc.controller.CreateScheduleController
com/adpro/tasc/user/db/model/AcademicUser.java
 com.adpro.tasc.user.db.model.AcademicUser
com/adpro/tasc/user/db/model/User.java
 com.adpro.tasc.user.db.model.User
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/mapper/CourseMapper.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.mapper.CourseMapper
com/adpro/tasc/controller/HelloController.java
 com.adpro.tasc.controller.HelloController
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/model/Schedule.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.model.Schedule
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/dao/ScheduleDAO.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.dao.ScheduleDAO
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/template/CourseTemplate.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.template.CourseTemplate
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/dao/CourseDAO.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.dao.CourseDAO
com/adpro/tasc/TASCApp.java
 com.adpro.tasc.TASCApp
com/adpro/tasc/config/DBConfig.java
 com.adpro.tasc.config.DBConfig
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/mapper/ScheduleMapper.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.mapper.ScheduleMapper
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/mapper/AppointmentMapper.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.mapper.AppointmentMapper
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/model/Course.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.model.Course
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/mapper/SlotMapper.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.mapper.SlotMapper
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/template/AppointmentTemplate.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.template.AppointmentTemplate
com/adpro/tasc/controller/SeeAppointmentController.java
 com.adpro.tasc.controller.SeeAppointmentController
com/adpro/tasc/repository/SlotRepository.java
 com.adpro.tasc.repository.SlotRepository
com/adpro/tasc/user/db/model/Role.java
 com.adpro.tasc.user.db.model.Role
 com.adpro.tasc.user.db.model.Role$1
com/adpro/tasc/user/db/mapper/UserMapper.java
 com.adpro.tasc.user.db.mapper.UserMapper
com/adpro/tasc/user/db/template/UserTemplate.java
 com.adpro.tasc.user.db.template.UserTemplate
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/dao/AppointmentDAO.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.dao.AppointmentDAO
com/adpro/tasc/controller/CreateCoursesController.java
 com.adpro.tasc.controller.CreateCoursesController
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/model/AppointmentRequest.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.model.AppointmentRequest
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.model.AppointmentRequest$Status
com/adpro/tasc/controller/AddRolesController.java
 com.adpro.tasc.controller.AddRolesController
com/adpro/tasc/user/db/dao/UserDAO.java
 com.adpro.tasc.user.db.dao.UserDAO
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/model/Appointment.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.model.Appointment
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/template/ScheduleTemplate.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.template.ScheduleTemplate
com/adpro/tasc/appointment/db/model/Slot.java
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.model.Slot
 com.adpro.tasc.appointment.db.model.Slot$Day
